Adopt ServiceContext 1.0 (#127)
apple/swift-distributed-tracing: README.md

This project uses the context progagation type defined independently in:

> - 🧳 [swift-service-context](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context) -- [`Baggage`](https://apple.github.io/swift-service-context/docs/current/ServiceContextModule/Structs/Baggage.html) (zero dependencies)

Reviewer: Should these links point to the Swift Package Index hosted docs instead? This one gives me a 404.

Reviewer 2: This one should be 404 because `Baggage` is renamed. +1 for switching to SPI though.

<a name="passing-context-objects"></a>
### Context propagation, by explicit `LoggingContext` passing

> > `LoggingContext` naming has been carefully selected and it reflects the type's purpose and utility: It binds a [Swift Log `Logger`](https://github.com/apple/swift-log) with an associated distributed tracing [Baggage](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `LoggingContext` naming has been carefully selected and it reflects the type's purpose and utility: It binds a [Swift Log `Logger`](https://github.com/apple/swift-log) with an associated service context [ServiceContext](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context).
```

Reviewer 2: I guess the intention was to embed type names in the sentence, so this should be better:
```suggestion
> `LoggingContext` naming has been carefully selected and it reflects the type's purpose and utility: It binds a [`Logger`](https://github.com/apple/swift-log) with an associated [`ServiceContext`](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context).
```

If really necessary, or for the purposes of testing, one can create a baggage or context using one of the two factory functions:

> - [`DefaultLoggingContext.topLevel(logger:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context/blob/main/Sources/Baggage/LoggingContext.swift) or [`Baggage.topLevel`](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context-core/blob/main/Sources/CoreBaggage/Baggage.swift) - which creates an empty context/baggage, without any values. It should _not_ be used too frequently, and as the name implies in applications it only should be used on the "top level" of the application, or at the beginning of a contextless (e.g. timer triggered) event processing.

Reviewer: This links to the removed `baggage-core` repo.

Reviewer 2: I think we should point to documentation instead of source code. (Wish one day DocC can support cross-package reference.)

> - [`DefaultLoggingContext.TODO(logger:reason:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context/blob/main/Sources/Baggage/LoggingContext.swift) or [`Baggage.TODO`](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context-core/blob/main/Sources/CoreBaggage/Baggage.swift) - which should be used to mark a parameter where "before this code goes into production, a real context should be passed instead." An application can be run with `-DBAGGAGE_CRASH_TODOS` to cause the application to crash whenever a TODO context is still in use somewhere, making it easy to diagnose and avoid breaking context propagation by accidentally leaving in a `TODO` context in production.

Reviewer: Same here, no core anymore.

The two methods will be called by instrumented libraries/frameworks at asynchronous boundaries, giving you a chance to
act on the provided information or to add additional information to be carried across these boundaries.

> > Check out the [`Baggage` documentation](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context) for more information on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check out the [`ServiceContext` documentation](https://github.com/apple/swift-service-context) for more information on
```

Reviewer 2: Should use documentation link instead.
